.TH svchub 8
'''
.SH NAME
\fBsvchub\fR \- top-level process supervisor
'''
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsvchub\fR runs as PID 1 for most of the system's uptime, spawning
and monitoring a set system services.
'''
.SH USAGE
\fBsvchub\fR should be run as pid 1 on the real rootfs.
.P
Upon startup, \fBsvchub\fR spawns \fB/etc/boot/startup\fR and waits
for it to start start some services (by invoking \fBsvcctl start\fR)
and everything that needs to be running in the system. After \fBstartup\fR
finishes, \fBsvchub\fR keeps monitoring the spawned services.
.P
If commanded or signalled to stop, \fBsvchub\fR stops all the services
it supervises and attempts to halt the system by running one of the
shutdown scripts.
'''
.SH FILES
.IP "/etc/boot/sysinit" 4
The pre-startup script (optional).
.IP "/etc/boot/startup" 4
The main startup script.
.IP "/run/ctrl/svchub" 4
Control socket.
.IP "/etc/init/\fIname\fR" 4
Service startup scripts (\fBsvcctl start \fIname\fR).
.P
While stopping the system, \fBsvchub\fR will atttemp to run one of the
following scripts depending on how the shutdown was initiated:
.IP "/etc/boot/reboot" 4
On SIGINT, SIGTERM or \fBsvctl reboot\fR.
.IP "/etc/boot/shutdown" 4
On \fBsvctl shutdown\fR.
.IP "/etc/boot/poweroff" 4
On SIGPWR or \fBsvctl poweroff\fR.
.IP "/etc/boot/failure" 4
On any non-recoverable error, or with no services left running.
.P
The shutdown scripts should in most cases just run \fBreboot\fR(1)
with appropriate arguments.
'''
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBsvcctl\fR(1), \fBreboot\fR(1), \fBmsh\fR(1).
